[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>LILOU: Hello, this
is Lilou for Gaiam TV.
I'm in Malmo today in the
south of Sweden with Yvonne.
Hello.
>>YVONNE FRANK
MANSSON: Hello, Lilou.
>>LILOU: How are
you doing today?
>>FRANK MANSSON: Oh,
I'm very, very well.
Thank you.
The sun is shining.
And it's very hot
here in Sweden today.
>>LILOU: Well, this
is a good thing,
because it's been raining
quite a lot recently.
So thank god for
the warm weather.
And we're here in the
magnificent harbor of Malmo--
a beautiful city.
I'm just discovering how
beautiful it actually is.
I'm excited to speak with you
because you're a publisher here
in Sweden of some special books.
And you have a special story.
And I think it's inspiring.
So this is quite
different from usual,
but this is powerful messages
that you are receiving.
>>FRANK MANSSON: Yes.
>>LILOU: Messages of love.
>>FRANK MANSSON:
Of course of love.
And yesterday, to start,
getting in contact
with your universal family and
understand who you actually
are, because you are a
divine human being here
on the beautiful
planet of Mother Earth
to transmit and send all
your love energy further,
because people
need respect today.
We need this humble
feeling of each other.
And we need to
care of each other.
And we have to start right now.
So please accept your life.
Feel trust.
And get in touch with
your inner source.
And the divine forces will
get in touch with you.
I'm sure of it.
>>LILOU: Yeah, because for you,
this is the interesting thing.
And we're going to
get into it because I
think it's important
in this conversation.
More and more people speak
about channeling or automatic
writing.
And you had this experience.
Tell us what happened for you,
where you were in your life
when this happened,
and how you reacted,
because some people
think they're crazy.
But no, you're not crazy.
This is happening all around
the world, in Sweden, too.
>>FRANK MANSSON: Yes.
A lot of people are
channeling today.
And that's because the
universe are calling us.
And we have forgotten to
get in contact with them.
So that's why so many people
get this channeling gift.
And for me, it happened
because I have asked for it.
My whole life, I
have asked for it.
But I didn't know what it meant.
>>LILOU: What were you asking?
To be in contact?
To be connected?
>>FRANK MANSSON: Yes.
I always have this
feeling that there
is something more that you
can't see with your eyes.
And I have felt it in my body.
Since I was a kid, I had
this talk to Mother Earth.
And I know there is so much
more to find out about us,
but what I didn't
learn in school.
So I have searched.
I have read all the
books, you know.
And I have given up, too.
I have given up
and tried to work
in this society with
all their rules.
But no, I couldn't do that.
So we went to in the middle
of Sweden, in the north,
at Lake Siljan, who is--
>>LILOU: North of
Stockholm, two hours north
or something of Stockholm?
>>FRANK MANSSON: Yeah.
Three hours north of Stockholm.
It's a beautiful place with
a lot of force, energy.
And there, suddenly, one evening
in the middle of the snow,
in the winter, I get
automatical writing.
>>LILOU: Automatic writing,
your hands start to take off.
>>FRANK MANSSON: Yes.
>>LILOU: You had tried
that before, to do so?
>>FRANK MANSSON: Never.
I had wished for
it, but I think,
I am not the right person.
It's for everyone
else, but not me.
>>LILOU: So on that
day, what was different?
>>FRANK MANSSON:
We had the meeting
with nine people who
were very spiritual.
We had meditate.
And we were in a lovely mood.
And I asked to get activated
with automatical writing.
>>LILOU: Oh, la, la.
I've got shivers.
>>FRANK MANSSON: I asked for it.
And suddenly, my hand
started to write.
And I cried and I didn't
think, what's this?,
because it was not my words.
It was something else.
And 13 pages were written.
And they told me how
to start this group
with channeling messages.
And it is like this.
Do you know was the
soul, the beings of light
wanted to help us to waking
up, to see our divine force.
But we haven't heard them.
We haven't listened
to our heart enough.
And that evening,
they reached me.
And they asked, can you please
help to get our messages out
to the people who want to read?
Because we can't do anything
about-- against the free will
of humanity.
You have to decide
by yourself if you
want to work for
the light or not.
And if you decide with
your heart, not your brain,
that you want to be a light
worker, to be good-- whatever
happens, you stay
good-- then, of course,
you meet a lot of
resistance, hard times,
because you've chosen it.
And all of those hard
times, all the resistance
that you meet-- they
are to treasure.
And when you find and
understand that and that
when you accept
everything in your life,
you find your own
treasure, your own force.
From there, you can start to
be a light being for everyone,
because then you can forgive.
Then you can forgive
everything you see.
>>LILOU: Even the
suffering in the world.
>>FRANK MANSSON: Yes.
And you can't help everyone.
But you can help them
who you're meeting
with your love, and most
of all, without words.
Just be.
>>LILOU: By our presence.
>>FRANK MANSSON: Yes.
>>LILOU: That's
funny, because that's
what the dolphins were teaching
me in Hawaii when I was there
around Kawai.
>>FRANK MANSSON: That's right.
They understand.
They are very intelligent.
And we have to be
so intelligent, too.
So I've got a lot of
messages, divine messages.
And they asked me
to send them out
to people who want to read them.
And I've got a-- with
help from my friends,
we started a website,
and I wrote messages--
I received messages
every day for one year.
And then a lovely man
came in my way and said,
I help you to print the
book, the first book.
Wow-- because I had no money.
And in a couple of months, I
had the first book, and then
the second book, and
then the third book,
and then other
authors coming my way.
And I helped them to
print their books,
all channeling books
with divine messages
so the people can awake and
start working by themself.
>>LILOU: Who are these
people getting in touch
with beings on the planet?
Who are they from
your understanding?
Because some people receive
different connections,
I guess, depending on
their soul group, possibly.
>>FRANK MANSSON: I
think all those people
who have suffering a
lot in their lives, who
have trust their life,
whatever happening,
and who were seeking for
more love in the society.
They have opened some
channel, and they understand,
someone is knocking
on my inner door.
I have to open it.
It's very hard to
explain with words,
because it's so fine drawn
signs that you are receiving.
And first, you don't
understand them.
You're afraid of them.
But you can't hide.
You have to be that mission
that you are here for.
And these days, a lot of
people are awakening up
to show the way
for other peoples
who are seeking
their way to love,
because it's the only
way to heal the world.
It's with our love
and understanding,
and to forgive, first of all,
ourselves, and then the rest.
Whatever they are doing,
just forgive and accept.
>>LILOU: And those messages
are coming from whom for you?
>>FRANK MANSSON: It started
with a group who were actually
human beings 100 years ago.
And they got a message
from other side
to connect with people
who want to help them
with these messages.
But very soon, they
thanked for them and said,
now, we are going further, and
you are going to another level.
And my whole body went
sick for one week.
And I think I was dying because
all the cells in the body
were--
>>LILOU: Buzzing.
>>FRANK MANSSON:
Yes, transmitted.
And my heart was
aching and my body-- I
couldn't leave my
bed for one week.
But then I understand,
oh, my god.
I'm really activating
and transforming
a new level in my body.
And then they started to talk.
It was a higher level.
>>LILOU: How did you knew
it was a higher level?
>>FRANK MANSSON: They presented
themselves like light beings.
They call themselves
atalamda lights.
And actually, one evening when
I was alone at home, writing,
I saw one.
One visited me with
my physical eyes.
He was seven, eight meter high,
light, vibrating, flowing.
And he just walked by my
window, and with no words.
He just said, trust.
Trust life.
And I cried.
And they were telling me a lot
of stuff and a lot of messages.
And they are in my second book.
And every message is
like a key for you.
And you, as a reader, decide
if you want to use them or not.
There's no obligations.
There is no rules.
It's just the messages,
be who you are.
Thank for everything, accept,
and send this transmission
further to everyone you meet.
>>LILOU: Tell us more
about those keys--
if you can share some
of them or remember.
I'm sure you apply them
as much as possible.
>>FRANK MANSSON: I have got,
I think, 700 or 800 messages.
And they are all different.
>>LILOU: Then we'll trust that
whatever comes through right
now will be the right
ones for us to hear.
>>FRANK MANSSON: But they
all have something in common.
And that is just everything
starts with yourself.
That's the start point.
And you have to learn to
love every part of yourself.
You have to thank for everything
in your life that you meet,
especially the hard times.
You have to accept who you are.
And you have to do what your
heart is telling you to do.
It's a mix between your brain,
your heart, and your soul.
And when you find this mixing
part, this triangle inside you,
the life will be so
synchronicity-ed.
You meet the right people.
You are finding yourself
in the right position
and in the right situation.
And you feel you have a mission.
It can be so simple.
It can be to just call one
person who you know are sick.
But that's enough.
You're doing something.
You are going to act,
not just thinking.
You're handling.
But then all the
messages is telling you
about the eternity life,
the life when you not
are in a body on the
planet, to tell you
of how we are exploring
ourselves here on Earth,
and that a lot of beings
wish to go to this planet
to get this exhibition.
No--
>>LILOU: Shift?
>>FRANK MANSSON: No,
evolution, actually.
Evolution.
>>LILOU: They want to
help us in our evolution?
>>FRANK MANSSON: Yes,
they want to help us
to-- we have to make it quicker
now, because it's in a hurry.
But we will manage it.
All our lives on
Earth is a school.
We know that.
But this life is maybe the
most important life ever
that we are living, because now,
we are seeing that we are one.
Whatever you do, it
has effects on Earth.
And you have to start to act
as all the human beings are
one with nature and with
life and the situation.
And in the messages,
they also tell us
that we are goddess in school.
And in the next life, when
we're not anymore on Earth,
we are going to start our
own universe by ourselves
and make the life go
further in the evolution--
not on Earth, but
in another universe.
There a lot of universe.
It's hard to explain, and
I know it sounds crazy.
>>LILOU: You're doing well.
Plus it's in English,
so thank you.
>>FRANK MANSSON: It's crazy.
>>LILOU: A lot of people
speak of the multiverse
and also that we have the whole
universe inside of us, too.
>>FRANK MANSSON: Yes, we have.
We are connected.
And we have to understand it.
And they are calling on us.
But we have forgotten to
get in touch with them.
And that's why I am
having this activating
courses and published
books, because people
need to know that they
can do it by themself.
>>LILOU: Tell us about
the process of activating
and of being able to
do this ourselves.
>>FRANK MANSSON: When
you're reading the books,
there's a lot of practicing--
meditations and practicing
tests that you can do
by yourself at home.
It's a lot about
writing-- writing down
your bad sides, your
bad things in life.
Burn these papers
to get free of them.
And then start to write about
the good things in your life
and start to give them
more time, notice,
and then to practice your love
to people with your thought.
You don't have to use words.
You can think about people
and try to help them.
You can think about
situations in the world
and try to help them--
situations in the nature.
And for example, now, in
Colorado, it's a lot of fire
there.
You can, with your heart, send
them all your love and respect.
And some of those
catastrophes in the world
are there because they want
to waken up the human beings,
because when there are
problems in the world,
we are starting to
help each other.
And we don't care if you
are from another religion
or from another culture
or another country.
We help each other.
And that's because all those
terrible things happened.
I'm sure of that.
And they told me about it.
It's sad, but it's the only way
to get in touch with each other
and to start to help
those who need help.
>>LILOU: So they told you about
some potential catastrophes
on Earth going to happen?
>>FRANK MANSSON: Yes.
Yes.
And we have seen them.
They have.
But they also tell me about a
new era, a new time, a new age.
You can see it in the horizon
if you look with your third eye
and with your heart.
You can see the light coming.
And that's what
I'm working with.
I'm working with the trust
that it's a new light coming.
And all human hearts
are going bigger
to receive all the
lights, because it's
aching in your body
to receive this light.
It's transforming you.
The whole body can feel
sick for a lot of days
when you receive this light.
But don't be afraid.
Just breathe.
Breathe in the universal
love and breathe it out
to everything and
everyone you meet.
>>LILOU: So we do need
to-- it's a co-creation.
And we need to actively,
from my understanding,
be there and want it
and ask for activation
and be there, ready,
and opening our hearts.
>>FRANK MANSSON: Yes.
And trust life.
And this is a
synchronicity time.
So whatever you need to do,
universe are sending it to you.
That's why you can trust life.
>>LILOU: So the
universe is there
to help us, not hurt against
us, because sometimes,
in a bad situation,
we feel like, why me?
>>FRANK MANSSON: Oh, yes.
Every one of us have
had a lot of bad times.
But afterwards, when you think
about it, you got stronger.
Of course you got stronger.
You will stay alive.
And you will get a force.
And you will see that when other
people are in the hard times,
you understand them.
Because if you haven't
felt any bad times,
you can't understand
other people.
You have to explore life.
And if you are seeking
for higher consciousness,
oh, you will get a
lot of trouble just
to realize that those
trouble things in your life
are your pearls in
your inner treasure.
>>LILOU: So when things
hard happen to us,
the best is to be in gratitude.
And what else are
they telling you
how to flip this around
to the good stuff?
>>FRANK MANSSON: Write about it.
Write down-- what
you are feeling.
Accept all your feelings.
Don't--
>>LILOU: Decide.
>>FRANK MANSSON: No, you
have to accept every feeling
and let a feeling go
through you and then
commit to the universe.
It is a hard thing, but you have
to give yourself to life fire.
And I tell myself
that every day.
Use me.
Use me for the love force.
Whatever happening, use me.
And that's free your mind.
That liberates your inner force.
And you see yourself in a
lot of fascinating situations
when you do that.
But that's life.
>>LILOU: Tell us about Silja,
the spirit Silja than you
were in touch with.
Is that through her, too?
Or is that another
different kind of teachings?
Who is she?
Who is it?
>>FRANK MANSSON: That's
a quite another energy.
It's a female energy from
the ever first moment
when God was created.
God was created with
a female energy.
And she call herself
Silja in my book.
She is the flower of God.
And she is everywhere.
And she is everything.
And she's here, inside you,
everywhere, outside you.
She's the female force
who are very creative.
And she can visualize
everything that you
wish to achieve in your life.
And she knocked on my
inner window one night
a couple of years
ago and asked if she
can talk to me through
channeling, because she wants
to give the people-- she
want to give them back
to their own force--
divine force.
So I got these
messages from her.
And it's a very small
book, but so powerful.
And when you read it,
you find your own power,
without any help from others.
You find it by yourself.
That's the meaning of it.
You are doing all work
today by yourself.
You can listen to other people.
You can go workshops
and listen to them.
But the decision you made
by yourself every minute
of your life.
And that's what Silja
want to tell you.
You are in connection
with everything--
with the universal force,
with the divine force,
and with Mother Earth.
Everything is connected.
And you can just pick
it up when you need it.
You are not alone.
You are a piece in
a very big system.
And you are surrounded with love
in every minute of your life.
And that's what Silja wants to
tell everyone who reads her.
She's an energy-- a
female, creative energy.
>>LILOU: And the light
coming from the north--
because we hear it a lot, the
light comes from the north.
What does that mean to you?
What is your
understanding of it?
>>FRANK MANSSON: I have it
very easy explained for me.
>>LILOU: You're lucky.
You get everything answered.
I need to travel
around the world
personally and
get to the people,
but you're actually
doing it from your living
room in pajamas.
>>FRANK MANSSON: Yes, I do--
accompanied with candles.
I asked one evening,
and they have told me
in a lot of messages.
But once, you know, they told
me that at the north pole,
there is a very big gate.
And from there,
universe, divine force,
can get in touch with
human beings on Earth.
But you have to wish to get
this force with your heart,
not with your brain,
with the heart.
And because of
all the people who
are living in the north--
in Sweden, Norway, Denmark,
Finland-- they are receiving
this force first, because they
have chosen it in a pre-life--
to be the people who receive
this light, and
then send it further
in the world to
everyone they meet
with their hearts-- no words, no
action, just with their hearts.
But now, lately, this
gate on north pole has--
>>LILOU: Expanded.
>>FRANK MANSSON:
Yeah, expanding.
Thank you.
And a lot of new
energy are coming.
And again, we are aching.
Our bodies are aching.
That's because we are so tired.
We have problems
with our bodies.
We are feeling low,
because these new energies
are transmitting the whole body.
And in the beginning,
we are tired.
But then, again, we get
a new energy in our body.
>>LILOU: An upgrade.
>>FRANK MANSSON: Yeah, sure.
Upgrading your system.
That's very--
>>LILOU: The DNA?
Some people speak of--
>>FRANK MANSSON: Yes, the
DNA, the cells-- everything
in your body are upgrading,
and also your consciousness.
And that's because
you are slowly
getting a little bit
more intelligent,
because suddenly, you
understand, my god, the ego
is not to me.
I am not the ego.
I am not a body.
I am not my thoughts.
I am light.
And I have to give it further.
That's my only mission
in life-- to be light
and to give it further.
And now, we are receiving
a lot of love light
from the north pole, and that's
the light from the north.
And if you wish, later, I can
make an activation on you,
because our brains
don't ever understand
what we are thinking
with our hearts.
And maybe we need
physical activation
to understand with
our whole system.
So I do that.
And it's not difficult.
>>LILOU: Everybody
can do it themselves.
>>FRANK MANSSON: Yes.
Everyone can do it.
And you can spread it further.
And they who wish, they can
email me and get it on paper.
It's very easy.
But it's a part of the
light from the north.
And that's to activate your
heart and your consciousness
and put you in connection
with your universal family who
wish to help you.
>>LILOU: So is it part of
a declaration or a prayer?
Or how do you--
>>FRANK MANSSON: No, it's
actually a statement,
a symbol of the light
is coming into your body
and getting in touch with
all your system inside you.
And it's a feeling.
>>LILOU: So the heart has to be
open to wanting to receive it,
too?
>>FRANK MANSSON: Mm-hmm.
And I am making a
little practice for you
before so you get in touch with
Mother Earth and your crown
chakra opening up
and everyone who
needs to be there from the
universe will be there.
You'll see.
>>LILOU: Yeah.
Yeah.
No, I really look
forward to that.
So, do you have-- is there
a particular or other type
of information that
you feel you're
receiving from those teachings?
I'm hearing that it's
a lot from the love.
But is there some
preparation for changes ahead
or some things that we should
maybe know that you're aware of
and that you would
like to share today?
>>FRANK MANSSON:
In the messages,
they tell us don't think.
Don't be in the future.
Just be here right now.
And that's because
they don't tell me
any things that actually
going to happen exactly
in the future.
They just mention be aware.
Be now.
That's a very important
thought-- to be just now,
not tomorrow, not
yesterday, just now.
That's the important
thing, because everything
is happening now.
But they promise us a
good new era, a good time.
But we have a lot of work to do.
And everything
starts with yourself.
You have to start with yourself.
Nobody else are going
to make your work.
And you are doing a very good
job sending this further.
But the human being has to
understand they are important.
They are very
important for a lot
of multiuniverse in our system.
And they have to start to
act with a love energy, who
actually are coming to us as
a gift from the universe, now.
And it's up to you to
make something of it.
You have to start
work with love.
And don't be angry
so long anymore.
>>LILOU: Forgiveness.
Forgiveness.
>>FRANK MANSSON: Yes.
Of course, you can be angry,
but not for a long time.
Just accept it and left it.
And open your heart and
ask for what can I do?
What can I do today to make
some difference in the world?
It starts with you.
And you find a way.
And you can see signs.
They tell me a lot of signs
who are coming-- in the sky,
in the nature.
Suddenly, you meet
just the right people.
It's so obvious now that
they are sending us signs.
So you are guided.
Trust that.
You are guided.
>>LILOU: And did you have
conversations with them about
diseases that we have,
that we can have?
>>FRANK MANSSON:
We actually need
to eat more natural food,
living food, not dead.
>>LILOU: Like raw?
>>FRANK MANSSON: Yeah, and
cultivate our own vegetables
and fruits, maybe.
Try to do that--
in a small part.
You can do it in a balcony
if you really wish.
And ask for it in your shops.
I wish natural, good food.
And of course, I'm a vegetarian.
And I'm not telling
that's the right thing,
because some people need meat,
but not every day-- twice
a week, and try to
eat more fish maybe
and not so much
meat, because it's
a heavy thing for your body--
more vegetables and fruits
and juices.
>>LILOU: Juices, yes.
>>FRANK MANSSON:
Yes, juices is good.
It's important to eat
very good for the nature.
You know that everyone
is aware of it today.
>>LILOU: Well, thank you.
Thank you so much for
this conversation here.
I see that we're
surrounded by water,
so my last question is
really about the water.
Is there any type of
messages that you have,
because there's so many
lakes and water here
in this region of the world.
I wonder if it's linked,
because both times we met,
it was around harbors and water.
So is there anything
related to water
that you would like to share?
>>FRANK MANSSON: Water is
also a very important thing.
It's a gift from heaven to us.
And it's putting
us all together,
because the water is everywhere.
And if you have a sad
day, if you are tired,
if you want to cry
and scream out,
just put your hands
in a bowl of water
and beg the water to take
away all your hard times.
It's helping.
And if you want to
help other peoples,
you can go to the
water outside or having
a lovely bowl in
your home with water.
Put your hands down
and ask the water
to send your love, your
loving thoughts to the people
who needs it.
It's actually are working.
It's a lovely way to
work with the water.
You are so much water.
The planet is so much water.
Use it, because it
wants you to use it.
And when you drink
water, send it
first some love
with your thoughts.
>>LILOU: And foods, too?
>>FRANK MANSSON:
Yes, with everything.
And drink it with
love, because it's
a powerful force inside
you and outside you.
And use it, because
it want to be used.
>>LILOU: Love is everywhere,
my beautiful cocreators.
We send you much, much
love from south of Sweden
here at the border of
Denmark, because we
have the bridge behind us.
I don't know if we can see it.
But thank you very much
for watching Gaiam TV.
And I'll be travelling some more
and sharing with you some other
wonderful interviews
and thoughts and people
and stories.
So stay tuned.
We send you much love.
Bye.
>>FRANK MANSSON: Thank you.
>>LILOU: Thank you.